README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: update readme.md with project structure

README.md, after:

## Project Structure

Here is an overview of the project structure:

```
├── app
│   ├── page.tsx
│   └── ...
├── public
│   ├── ...
├── styles
│   ├── ...
├── README.md
└── ...
```

- The `app` directory contains the main application code, including the `page.tsx` file which you can modify to edit the page.
- The `public` directory is used for static assets such as images or fonts.
- The `styles` directory contains CSS or SCSS files for styling the application.

Feel free to explore and modify other files and directories as needed.

## Getting Started

To start the development server, run one of the following commands:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Once the server is running, open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result. The page will automatically update as you make changes to the files.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, refer to the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs): Learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn): Interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can also contribute to the [Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) and provide feedback.

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

For more details on deployment, check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment).
